
# Welcome to localghost.me!
## What is this?

This is a project for local deployments. All subdomains from this domain (http://sample.localghost.me) are pointed to ALIAS 127.0.0.1 .

## But why? I can use /etc/hosts or something else!

Yes, indeed! You can use custom DNS, hosts, or anything, but you won't have SSL! Every 3 months I renew the SSL and make it available here, so you can download and use localhost with SSL for local development.

Many softwares require you to use HTTPs for deployment and this is a very simple solution. You can do it yourself if you like but I have taken the liberty of doing this for the community

It points only the root-level sub-domains.

**Do not trust the SSL!** This is for PRIVATE deployments, and you can't make it available to the public.

### Future plans
In the future, the subdomains will have an option for custom IPs using a custom DNS resolver.

If possible to do 4 levels of SSL on Let's Encrypt then the pointers will be like: 192.168.0.1.localghost.me

Otherwise, we can do 192-168-0-1.localghost.me .

## Right and where's the SSL?

The SSL is generated by Let's Encrypt and is available here: https://letsencrypt.org/, right here:

Download the PFX here on the repo.



## Disclaimer

**I take no responsibility** for any action taken by this domain *AS IT IS A LOCALHOST POINTER*. This is meant for helping people develop and test applications with SSL and multi-domain, so, if you are a bad actor, please stop and think about others (and me that maintain this site).

https://localghost.me is provided and maintained by **Lucca Ferri (lucca@ferri.sh)**.

**The main website is hosted by CloudFlare Pages**
